Clarify node drain requirement for kubelet minor version upgrades (#46359)
kubernetes/website: content/en/releases/version-skew-policy.md

Reviewer: Maybe we also need a new task page: _prepare a node for an in-place upgrade_.

{{< note >}}
Before performing a minor version `kubelet` upgrade, [drain](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/safely-drain-node/) pods from that node.

> In-place minor version `kubelet` upgrades, without a node drain, are not supported.

Reviewer: We could write:
```suggestion
In-place`kubelet` upgrades to a newer minor version of Kubernetes, without a node drain, are not supported,
and if you do this the node's behavior is undefined.
```

Do you prefer that?

(For clarity about “minor” version upgrades, there is no
skew policy yet for an upgrade to a future release of Kubernetes that has a different major version).

Author: I prefer:

`In-place `kubelet` upgrades to a newer minor version of Kubernetes, without a node drain are not supported.`

Just becaus the language sounds tighter and for me the `node's behaviour is undefined` implies that the node might not upgrade properly when I believe it's really about the pods?

> In-place minor version `kubelet` upgrades, without a node drain, are not supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In-place `kubelet` upgrades to a newer minor version of Kubernetes without a node drain are not supported.
```
This feels like a fine compromise to me.

> In-place minor version `kubelet` upgrades, to a newer minor version of Kubernetes, without a node drain, are not supported.

Reviewer 3: I think the "to a newer minor version of Kubernetes" bit is redundant.

I also think the content of kubelet-managed directories is not necessarily cross-minor-version compatible. I'd like sig-node's input on highlighting the need to clear those directories before an in-place upgrade, something like this:

```suggestion
In-place minor version `kubelet` upgrades without draining pods and clearing the content of the kubelet-managed directories are not supported.
```

Reviewer: OK, so combining the thinking so far, I suggest:
```suggestion
In-place `kubelet` upgrades, without first draining pods from the node **and** clearing the content
of the kubelet-managed directories, are only supported for upgrades to a newer patch release within
the same minor version of Kubernetes.
```

This makes for a problem, though: can we hyperlink “clearing the content of the kubelet-managed directories” to the specific text about how to do that? If not, we're almost certainly going to get issues filed about adding more detail.

Author: More information about this clearing of directories would definitely be good because the current documentation doesn't state anything about needing to do this - see https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/upgrading-linux-nodes/

Author: @liggitt Is there somebody from sig-node you'd recommend asking for a consult on this?

Reviewer 3: probably folks in https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-node#technical-leads or delegates

cc @kubernetes/sig-node-pr-reviews
/cc @dchen1107 @derekwaynecarr @mrunalp

Author: Any chance one of you could weigh in here? @dchen1107 @derekwaynecarr @mrunalp

Reviewer 4: /assign @mrunalp @dchen1107 @derekwaynecarr

Author: @mrunalp @dchen1107 @derekwaynecarr anything I can do to help move this PR forward?

Reviewer: Best place for a list of files that the kubelet uses: within https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/node/

Note that many of these are defaults or conventions; eg the kubelet even used to be able to fetch static Pod manifests via HTTP, `/etc/kubernetes/manifests` is just the most common place to put them.

Reviewer 5: old thread on this topic:
https://github.com/kubernetes/website/issues/12326#issuecomment-704469840
but clearing contents on kubelet managed directories was never mentioned before?

> I think the ask here is to come up with the docs page on what files kubelet may be using.

CPU checkpoint files too maybe?
https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/pkg/kubelet/cm/cpumanager/state/checkpoint.go#L31-L33

Reviewer 6: https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/47425
